DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
Behind the Mask of Masquerade!
ALICE: Oh my, what a strange place...
I wonder where I am?
And how did I get here?
This is too weird...
[\u266a]
RUNO: Alice!
Hey Alice!
Wait up!
Runo...
I was worried about you...
Where have you been hiding anyway?
Hey, what's wrong?
Runo I... I've got a con...
Just say it...
Did something happen?
I'm not sure...
Honestly Runo...
I don't know...
Too weird...
I wish I could figure this out...
but I can't...
What you need is a good night's sleep, Alice...
Now you get into bed and forget everything,
you got that, girl?
Sorry about all this, Runo.
Hey, I think you're just tired...
Besides, there's nothing to be sorry about.
To be honest...
this has happened to me a couple of time before...
Oh really?
Like when?
Well, I guess ever since I started playing Bakugan.
It's like...
I don't know myself anymore...
[crying]
Everything will be alright...
You just get some rest, okay?
I've got some chores to do but I'll come back
and we'll talk about it then.
Thank you, Runo...
Thanks.
[crying]
TV: Oh Dwayne, you know I love you...
Hey mom. Runo...
So how is Alice doing, dear?
She's upstairs sleeping.
Well that's good...
Maybe she just has the flu...
I should make her some soup.
Uh-huh...
And I was wondering if you could keep an eye on her for me...
I'll be right back. Runo, wait!
Are you going to be home for dinner?
[door shuts]
TV: This is Live at Seven News...
And our top story is the sudden snowfall
and freezing temperatures reported from Waikiki.
Nearly a foot of new snow has been reported there.
In Egypt, a water geyser mysteriously spouted from a Pyramid
with no explanation for this phenomenon.
And closer to home, the skies above New York
were strangely lit up for the first time
by the Aurora Borealis!
I wonder what's going on in the world...
Does this have anything to do with Bakugan?
Yes...
I believe so...
The chaos in Vestroia has finally spilled over
into your world.
Yes.
The Chaos in Vestroia?
The home of all Bakugan.
And our world is slowly falling into evil hands.
I can't stand just sitting around watching this go on!
There's nothing we can do, Diablo!
Diablo's right!
All we're doing right now is protecting the Infinity Core.
But is that all we can do?
Na-huh?
So what do you mean, Dan?
Well, maybe we have to hit Naga and Masquerade
before they hit us!
Yesss! We should!
A good defense is a good offense!
MOTHER: Sorry kids, but I'm not following any of this...
By the way, how is Alice doing, Runo?
Oh pretty good...
She's having a nap at my place.
Is it like a 'girl-thing?'
Maybe she just might need to go see a doctor...
No Joe...
I think she'll be okay so let's not worry about her right now
and concentrate on Naga and Masquerade.
Right!
[ringing]
Joe, what is it?
Is it bad news?
It's from Masquerade!
I want the Infinity Core, Joe...
So meet me at Dome Stadium.
What are we gonna do, guys?
I'll take that creep on!
Let me at him! Let me at him!
Please Diablo, calm down!
So we finally hear from the madman himself!
This should be interesting.
And it probably won't be the last time.
Let me take care of him, guys!
-Why you? -'Cause Drago's evolved...
That gives all of us a better chance
of beating that masked moron!
Yes!
Dan makes an excellent point!
Are you sure?
Are you?
It's time to finish him off!
And end this!
Oh Alice, are you up yet?
I hope you're decent!
Where did she go?
You here, Masquerade?
Well if it isn't Dan the man!
[evil laugh]
I wasn't expecting you, but then again...
I suppose I might as well steal your Bakugan!
This should be an interesting battle...
Masquerade is ranked number one.
You're right...
And since I lost to Dan,
his ranking moves up to number two.
Huh? I'll check...
Yeah, that's exactly what my Baku-Pod shows.
Whoa!
This is going to be the ultimate showdown then!
Masquerade...
How in the world did you end up battling for Naga anyway?
Don't you realize he's trying to destroy
both our world and his own?
We should be fighting on the same side, not as enemies!
I only take orders from Naga.
You're on the wrong team, Masquerade!
Are you through grand-standing, Dan?
Wh-What?
I'm tired of your babbling.
Let's get this over with!
Are you ready to play?
Man! He's so done!
Oh yeah, I'm ready to play!
And don't my cryin' to me when you lose!
Field Open!
[\u266a]
Gate Card... Set!
Soon your little Dragonoid will be all mine!
Then we'll see...
who's left crying!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle recognized.
Holy smoke!
He started with his Hydranoid!
We must use caution.
Yeah... you're right...
That sucker's got three heads!
It must have evolved!
I think you're right!
I'm waiting for you, Dan...
Get ready to lose!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: Drago has entered battle.
It's a Pyrus Ultimate Dragonoid?
You're not the only one who's evolved!
Hey chump!
Still wanna play?
Ha!
Let's see how tough you are when you lose!
Get ready, Hydranoid!
I guess this is it, huh?
Well...
I just hope Dan knows what he's getting into!
We must allow him to fight his own battle.
Hydranoid!
Let's get this little tussle over with
as quickly as possible!
Ability Activate!
Destroy Vanish!
This is it, Drago! Yes!
Today you will experience...
the greatest... Bakugan ever!
[loud commotion]
Do something, Dragy!
He can't!
He's trapped!
BAKUPOD: Massive Dragonoid Power decrease sensed.
ALL: Fight Drago!
[loud scream]
Drago!
I afraid that this might be the end!
No way!
We can't give up hope yet, you guys!
You know Danny-boy,
even I didn't think it would be this easy.
Oh yeah?
Sorry pal, but we're just getting warmed up!
It's go time, Drago!
Gate Card Open!
[\u266a]
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Increase.
Alright, Dan!
You show that masked freak who the boss of Bakugan is!
It's time to school that fool, Drago!
Let's show him how this game is played!
Ability Activate!
Ultimate Draganoid!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: Recalculating power levels.
[\u266a]
RUNO: It's a draw!
I never expected that!
But at least Dan and Drago survived!
So you ready to go again?
Or are you too chicken to face the master in battle?
Stick around for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
So you ready to go again?
Or are you too chicken to face the master in battle?
Oh, I'm ready...
I've even come up with a little surprise
just for you...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
[loud roar]
Your turn...
Unless you're not man enough, Dan!
You think you're pretty funny...
But you're not!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle commenced.
Gate Card Open!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid power increase detected.
He's at 750 G's!
Let's hope Dan has something up his sleeve!
Not bad!
Ability Activate!
Ultimate Dragonoid!
[\u266a]
That move just nullified your Darkus Card
and pumps Drago up big time!
Ability Activate!
Terminal Trident!
This game...
...is over...
...and done with!
[\u266a]
How pathetic!
Why don't you face facts and give up?
Why look at your pet lizard.
He's on the ropes!
You bore me...
Hey Drago, show this geek what you got!
With pleasure!
This is for all the Bakugan!
Ability Activate!
Exceed!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power to 650 G's.
DAN: Now you'll see how this game is supposed to be played,
Masquerade!
[\u266a]
Nice try, but not good enough!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Final Demolition!
What's going on?
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power to 650 G's.
[\u266a]
Another tie!
At this rate, this fight will go on forever!
That's it...
Now you're really starting to get on my nerves, Dan!
You may think you have a chance to beat me,
but up 'til now, you've just been plain lucky!
You're constantly getting in my way, Dan!
And my patience is at an end!
You are a thorn in my side
and I have had enough of you!
But that all stops here and now!
I'm going to destroy you!
Do you hear me, Dannnnn?
If you ask me,
I think Masquerade has a few control issues.
It's obvious Dan's plan is to throw Masquerade
off his game.
Now that you've vented,
what'd ya say we finish this fight?
But this time you fight fair and square!
What?
You know perfectly well what I'm talking about!
Now do you wanna fight or what?
[\u266a]
You happy now?
This is going to be the greatest Bakugan battle
of all times!
Gate Card Set!
Enough Mr. Nice Guy!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: Third and Final Battle commenced.
Get 'em, Drago!
Gate Card Open!
Wall Lock!
Sorry, but your Ability is now useless, my friend!
[evil laugh]
Keep fighting!
Finish him, Hydranoid!
We can do this!
That's it! He's wearing down!
Attack!
What did I say?
This battle is awesome!
But it's still a dead heat!
[cracking noises]
Now what's going on?
The power is so intense,
the Field's balance has been thrown out of whack!
[\u266a]
RUNO: Ahh, no way!
Not another tie?
TIGRERRA: It's looks that way...
So I guess we're just gonna have to keep goin'
until one of us royally messes up, huh?
And it won't be me!
BOTH: Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
Drago Stand!
This is nuts!
I just wish Dan and Drago would hurry up
and end it all!
JULIE: Oh, this is too crazy!
I don't think I can stand to watch it anymore!
SKYRESS: This is more than just a battle
over the Infinity Core!
Now it's personal!
SHUN: Yeah!
I've never seen two battlers more even!
PREYAS: It comes down to a battle of stamina!
MARUCHO: I still have faith in Dan to win!
ATTACK!
TIGRERRA: We can only hope, Marucho...
[laughs]
What is so funny?
Relax Masquerade...
This is fun!
Say what?
I'm sayin' even though this battle
is like totally intense...
it can be a real blast!
I mean after all, it is a game!
It's not a game...
it's my life!
Then your life is about to change!
This is it!
I've got a feeling this is the last battle
that'll decide everything!
Ability Activate!
Ultimate Dragonoid!
[\u266a]
Ability Activate!
Terminal Trident!
[\u266a]
Hang on, Drago!
Don't worry about me, Daniel.
We have to win this battle!
Gate Card Open!
Enough!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Final Demolition!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power to 650 G's.
DAN: Ultimate Dragonoid!
[\u266a]
[all screaming]
It all comes down to this!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Exceed!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid Power Level Increase.
[\u266a]
DAN: You can do this, Drago!
It's our only chance to win!
Get him, Hydranoid!
[\u266a]
[screams]
I can't believe...
I lost that battle...
I can't...
believe I won that battle!
MASQUERADE: What's even stranger is...
for some reason, it doesn't bother me...
It's finally over...
Dan won...
Yess!
I knew he could do it all along!
DAN: Hey, it's like they say Masquerade, even in Bakugan,
it doesn't matter if you win or lose,
it's how you play the game.
I wish I had learned that lesson a long time ago,
Dan...
But I guess it's better late than never...
I sure have got a lot of thinking to do...
One thing, Masquerade...
What is it?
How about you join up with us?
You could help us in our battle against Naga.
What'd ya say?
Well?
It sounds like a plan...
and a pretty good one.
I'd love to have you onboard...
How sweet...
Come on Masquerade, go for it!
Sorry, but I think it wouldn't work out...
Later... Dan!
W-What the?
I don't believe it!
Alice?
DAN: Alice is Masquerade?
No way!
But hang on, if you think that's freaky,
just wait until you see the next episode
of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Hal-G suddenly appears and he explains the truth
about the Mega Dimension Pyrus!
He also tells us how Alice became Masquerade!
Trust me, it's some story
and I'm sure you won't wanna miss it!
It's gots some freaky twists and turns to say the least!
Hey, you better check it out!
All on the next Bakugan Brawlers!